same_day_model_documentation

1-First thing first , we import our libraries and dataset and then
we see the head of the data to know how the data looks like and use describe function 
to see the percentile’s and other key statistics.

2-Now that we are familiar with all these representation
and can tell our own story let us move and create a model to which would predict our features.
We are going to see what is linear regression and how do we do it ?


Linear Regression :-

In easy words a model in statistics which helps us predicts the future based upon past relationship of variables.
So when you see your scatter plot being having data points placed linearly you know regression can help you!

Regression works on the line equation , y=mx+c , trend line is set through the data points to predict the outcome.

3-The variable we are predicting is called the criterion variable and is referred to as Y.
The variable we are basing our predictions on is called the predictor variable and is referred to as X.
When there is only one predictor variable, the prediction method is called Simple Regression. 


4- We use train data and test data ,
train data to train our machine and test data to see if it has learnt the data well or not.
Before anything , I want say that to remember that the machine is the student and train data is the syllabus and test data is the exam. 
we see how much the machine has scored and if it scores well are model is successful.


5-We import our dependencies , for linear regression we use sklearn (built in python library) and import linear regression from it.
We then initialize Linear Regression to a variable reg. 
we also convert dates to 1’s and 0’s so that it doesn’t influence our data much . 


We again import another dependency to split our data into train and test.

I’ve made my train data as 75% and 25% of the data to be my test data , and randomized the splitting of data by using random_state.


6- So now , we have train data , test data and labels for both let us fit our train and test data into linear regression model.